The most common problems you are likely to encounter are:

1. When you ran Greed, did you get a "Warning, low on memory!" message. 
   (That's why you're reading this, right?) If you're on an 8 meg system,
   you're probably always going to get this message - but you can do the
   following to make the game run. (If you don't, the game may play fine for
   quite awhile, but sooner or later a "malloc" failure will occur, or you
   will just hang or crash.)

   a.) Remove all TSR's, such as smart drive - rem them out in config.sys
       and reboot then try again.
   b.) Some systems do not work well with HIMEM and EMM386 - rem these out
       in your config.sys, as well.
   c.) Make a boot disk! Change to the directory where you installed the
       game and type "GREEDMB" then press <Enter>. Follow the prompts
       and then reboot your computer.
       (or call tech support).

2. If autodetection of your sound card fails and you've checked the settings
   in the SETUP.EXE program and it STILL doesn't work try the following:

    Look at your AUTOEXEC.BAT file and check your SET BLASTER settings
    (assuming you are using a Sound Blaster compatible card).  Use the
    Address, DMA, and IRQ values and setup your sound card manually by
    running the setup program.

    A typical line might look like this:

         SET BLASTER=A220 I7 D1 T3

    (where the Address is 220, DMA is 1, and IRQ is 7.)

    A sound blaster 16 has the following typical setup:

         SET BLASTER=A220 I5 D1 H5 P330 T6

    (where the Address is 220, DMA is 5 (the high DMA) and IRQ is 5.)

    If you are not using a Sound Blaster, consult the manual that came with
    your sound card and double check the settings there before trying the
    setup program again.

   Also note that you MUST have a sound card for sound - the PC speaker is
   not supported.

3. To increase speed (and for slower systems), try setting the sound quality 
   lower and reduce the number of channels to 4 or below. (Unless you've got
   your sound pumping through an expensive stereo system or high quality
   head phones, maximum quality differs little from low quality).  Reducing
   the screen size also speeds the game up considerably.  Turn off mouse and
   joystick support if you aren't using them.

4. It may be necessary to increase the sound cache value up to 4 if you
   are using a Gravis Ultrasound soundcard.  The card has internal memory
   and decreasing the sound cache too far may slow playback substantially
   on this device.  The Gravis Ultrasound must have a minimum of 512k of
   onboard memory to work with Greed.

5. If your modem does not respond to the initialization string, check the
   port, irq, and modem.cfg file to make sure everything matches your modem
   configuration.  You can change the default settings by changing the
   parameters for sergreed.exe.  To view these optional parameters, type
   "sergreed /help".  The modem requires that after a DTR signal, it hangs
   up, Carrier Detect is on, XON/XOFF flow control is on, compression
   is turned off, and force 9600 bps connection. (Read the MODEM.CFG file.)  

6. If you need further help:
   a. Check the Softdisk Home Page at: http://softdisk.com for
      up-to-the-minute information.
   b. Send email with your complete system configuration and list of error
      messages received to: softdisk@softdisk.com.
   c. Call the Softdisk Tech Support Hotline at 1-318-221-8311.


