The most common problems you are likely to encounter are:

1. When you ran Greed, did you get a "Warning, low on memory!" message. 
(That's why you're reading this, right?) If you're on an 8 meg system,
you're probably always going to get this message - but you can do the
following to make the game run. (If you don't, the game may play fine for
quite awhile, but sooner or later a "malloc" failure will occur.)

a.) Remove all TSR's, such as smart drive - rem them out in config.sys
    and reboot then try again.
b.) Some systems do not work well with HIMEM and EMM386 - rem these out
    in your config.sys, as well.
c.) Reboot your computer with the shift key held down to bypass your
    normal startup files. (F5 fo MS DOS 6.0+)
d.) Set the number of music channels lower.
e.) If you have done all the above, and it still doesn't work, try
    typing "SET DOS4GVM=1" at the DOS prompt before running Greed. On
    most systems this last failsafe should fix the problem. If for
    some reason, however, it still hangs or fails to function try
    having that demon in your computer exorcised (or call tech support).


2. If autodetection of your sound card fails and you've checked the 
settings in the setup.exe program and it STILL doesn't work try
the following:
Look at your autoexec.bat file and check your SET BLASTER settings (assuming
you are using a Sound Blaster compatible card).  Use the Port address,
DMA, and IRQ values and setup your sound card manually by running the 
setup program. 
If you are not using a Sound Blaster, consult the manual that came with
your sound card and double check the settings there before trying
the setup program again.


3. To increase speed (and for slower systems), try setting the sound quality 
lower and reduce the number of channels to 4 or below (unless you've got your
sound pumping through an expensive stereo system or high quality head
phones, maximum quality differs little from low quality).  Reducing the screen
size also speeds the game up considerably.  Turn off mouse and joystick
support if you aren't using them.


4. It may be necessary to increase the sound cache value up to 4 if you
are using a Gravis Ultrasound soundcard.  The card has internal memory
and decreasing the sound cache too far may slow playback substantially
on this device.  The Gravis Ultrasound must have a minimum of 512k of
onboard memory to work with Greed.


5.  If your modem does not respond to the initialization string, check
the port, irq, and modem.cfg file to make sure everything matches your
modem configuration.  You can change the default settings by changing the
parameters for sergreed.exe.  To view these optional parameters, type
"sergreed /help".  The modem requires that after a DTR signal, it hangs
up, Carrier Detect is on, XON/XOFF flow control is on, compression
is turned off, and force 9600 bps connection.  


6. If you need further help:

a.) Check the Softdisk Home Page at: http://www.softdisk.com/ for
    up-to-the-minute information.
b.) Send email with your complete system configuration and list of error
    messages received to: softdisk@softdisk.com.
c.) Call the Softdisk Tech Support Hotline at 1-318-221-8311.


